The password optional feature documentation - main publication PR. (#3605)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/pwd-optional-new-sign-up-email/main/react/integrationsteps.md

### 1: The user navigates to the sign-in page

When the user navigates to your app's sign-in page, display a link on your app's sign-in page that points to a sign-up page.

<div class="half border">

![A simple sign-in page with a sign-up link.](/img/pwd-optional/pwd-optional-sign-up-link-sign-in-page.png)

<!-- Source image: https://www.figma.com/file/YH5Zhzp66kGCglrXQUag2E/%F0%9F%93%8A-Updated-Diagrams-for-Dev-Docs?node-id=1975%3A2792 pwd-optional-sign-up-link-sign-in-page -->

</div>

### 2: The user clicks the sign-up link

When the user clicks **Sign up**, redirect them to the page where they can sign up for a new account. During page load, call `OktaAuth.idx.register()` to start the self-service registration flow.

```javascript
  const { oktaAuth } = useOktaAuth();
  const startFlow = useCallback(async () => {
    newTransaction = await oktaAuth.idx.register();
  }, [oktaAuth, flow, setTransaction]);
```

> The method returns an `IdxTransaction` object containing field metadata that can be used to create a registration page dynamically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method returns an `IdxTransaction` object that contains field metadata that you can use to create a registration page dynamically.
```

Author: updated.

      key: "okta_email",
      displayName: "Email",
    },
  },
}
```

Build the logic that handles this response and sends the user to a dialog where they enter the OTP.

### 5. The user verifies their identity with the new email

The user opens the email sent by Identity Engine. Create a dialog in your app where the user can submit the OTP from the email back to Identity Engine.

<div class="half border">

![A form with an OTP input field and a verify button.](/img/pwd-optional/pwd-optional-react-sign-up-verify-otp.png)

<!--
Source image: https://www.figma.com/file/YH5Zhzp66kGCglrXQUag2E/%F0%9F%93%8A-Updated-Diagrams-for-Dev-Docs?node-id=2842%3A4925 pwd-optional-react-sign-up-verify-otp
 -->

</div>

When the user submits the OTP, create an object with a `verificationCode` property set to the OTP entered by the user.

```json
const inputValues = {
    "verificationCode":"197277"
 };
```

Call `OktaAuth.idx.proceed()` passing in the new object.

```javascript
    const newTransaction = await oktaAuth.idx.proceed(inputValues);
    setTransaction(newTransaction);
    setInputValues({});
    setProcessing(false);
```

### 6. Your app displays the remaining optional authenticators

> After the user verifies their identity using the email authenticator, `OktaAuth.idx.proceed()` returns an `IdxTransaction` object indicating that the user has the option to enroll in additional authenticators. The `IdxTransaction.nextStep.canSkip` property is set `true`, which indicates the remaining authenticators are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the user verifies their identity using the email authenticator, `OktaAuth.idx.proceed()` returns an `IdxTransaction` object indicating that the user has the option to enroll in additional authenticators. The `IdxTransaction.nextStep.canSkip` property is set to `true`, which indicates the remaining authenticators are optional.
```

Author: updated.

```json
{
  status: "PENDING",
  nextStep: {
    name: "select-authenticator-enroll",
    options: [
      {
        label: "Google Authenticator",
        value: "google_otp"
      },
      {
        label: "Okta Verify",
        value: "okta_verify",
      },
    ],
    canSkip: true,
  },
}
```

> Display a page that lists the remaining authenticators and allows the user to skip registering any more of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display a page that lists the remaining authenticators and allows the user to skip registering any more.
```

Author: updated.
